[docs] update apple advisory metadata with age rating override (#33425)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/metadata/schema.mdx

      description: 'Does the app contain profanity or crude humor?',
    },
    {
      name: 'ageRatingOverride',
      type: <MD.a href="#apple-advisory-age-rating-override">AppleAgeRatingOverride</MD.a>,
      description: [
        <MD.p>
          If your app rates 12+ or lower, and you believe its content may not be suitable for children, you can manually override the age rating.
        </MD.p>,
        <MD.p>
          <MD.a openInNewTab href="https://developer.apple.com/help/app-store-connect/manage-app-information/set-an-app-age-rating">
            Learn more
          </MD.a>
        </MD.p>,
      ]
    },
    {
      name: 'koreaAgeRatingOverride',
      type: <MD.a href="#apple-advisory-korea-age-rating-override">AppleKoreaAgeRatingOverride</MD.a>,
      description: [
        <MD.p>

>           If your app rates 12+ or lower, and you believe its content may not be suitable for children, you can manually override the age rating. Same as ageRatingOverride, but for South Korea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          If your app rates 12+ or lower, and you believe its content may not be suitable for children, you can manually override the age rating. Same as `ageRatingOverride`, but for South Korea.
```

To refer to the property, let's add a code syntax highlight.

  ]}
</MetadataTable>

#### Apple advisory age rating override

<MetadataTable headers={['Name', 'Description']}>
  {[
    { name: 'NONE', description: 'No age rating override' },
    {
      name: 'SEVENTEEN_PLUS',

>       description: 'App contains content that may not be suitable for children under the age of 17',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'App contains content that may not be suitable for children under the age of 17.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'UNRATED',

>       description: 'Adults Only. This content can\'t be published on the App Store. It may be published on alternative app marketplaces on iOS or websites in the European Union',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'Adults Only. This content cannot be published on the App Store. It may be published on alternative app marketplaces on iOS or websites in the European Union.',
```

    },
  ]}
</MetadataTable>

#### Apple advisory korea age rating override

<MetadataTable headers={['Name', 'Description']}>
  {[
    { name: 'NONE', description: 'No age rating override' },
    {
      name: 'FIFTEEN_PLUS',

>       description: 'App contains content that may not be suitable for children under the age of 15',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'App contains content that may not be suitable for children under the age of 15.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'NINETEEN_PLUS',

>       description: 'App contains content that may not be suitable for children under the age of 19',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'App contains content that may not be suitable for children under the age of 19.',
```
